Bag-lifting and bag-sorting worlds, their maps, and on-demand welding (#24)
Duatic/duatic_gazebo: README.md

- **duatic_empty**: Minimal environment for basic testing
- **warehouse**: AWS RoboMaker warehouse with shelves, pallets, and clutter
- **bag_lifting**: Demo booth with an AprilTag wall, pallet, table, and rice

>   bags — used for dual-arm bag pick/place demos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **bag_lifting**: Demo booth with a wall, pallet, table, and rice bags, used for pick/place demos
```

- Props (buckets, lamps, trash cans, pallet jacks)
- Clutter objects for realistic environments

### Bag Lifting Demo Models

> - Demo booth and AprilTag wall (`booth`, `Apriltag16_05_00010`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Demo booth ('booth')
```
